Hello, everyone. My name is / Luismi Cavallé. I'm just / 'cavalle' in twitter and github. / This is how my last name is pronounced: kah-bah-yeah / You may have seen my avatar in github. What you might not have seen is the original picture from where the avatar came from / But it is for another talk that I tell the story behind this photo. 

What I would like to talk you tonight is about a ruby gem I'm author of / Steak. The first released version of Steak is from / 1 and a half years ago, but I never talked about it in a conference before today. / Why? Well, I must be honest with you: I was sort of / ashamed because, deep inside, I knew that Yehuda Katz / I mean / Yehuda Katz… I knew that he was right when / he said that Steak was a scam / Essentially scam / Yes, my friends, I confess it to all of you tonight, / I'm a liar. You should have heard / Yehuda, because in Software Development / there are two absolutes truths: /

The first one is / Everything is about trade-offs

The second one is / Yehuda is always right



But before going on with my confession I need to talk you about something else. 

One of my long-time wishes is to be able to read a book every week. I've always envied people who can read fast and focused, 'cause I'm a very bad reader: I get distracted and lost focus quite easily. So no, reading one book each week is nearly impossible for me. However, at the beginning of this year I had this crazy idea: ok, you cannot finish a book each week, but what about starting a new book every week? That's something that I could definitely do. Would it make any sense? I didn't know, probably not, but still, I decided to try.

Six months later I can tell you, making the long story sort, that the experiment is working quite well: Of course, I didn't finish most of the books I started, but I'm reading more than ever, I feel more motivated than ever to do so and I no longer feel guilty and get stuck when I lose interest in my current book.

This brings me to one of the books I've been able to finish during this experiment: “All marketers are liars”, by Seth Godin. I suppose some of you have read it and most  of you know the author.

In this book Godin states that marketing is all about lies… the lies that we tell ourselves everyday. Our knowledge of the world is absolutely minimal, it is our brains that fill the gaps by just inventing the rest. This is how we work, by telling ourselves lies all the time.

So that's why